[EDU-4029] feat: add products limits (#852)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/build/edge-application/l2-caching.mdx

## Limits

These are the **default limits**:

| Scope | Limit |
| --- | --- |

> | Minimum TTL in L2¹ | 3 seconds |
> | Maximum TTL in L2 | 2,592,000 seconds |
> 
> > ¹ The **L2 Caching** module currently doesn't support bypass cache. You can [configure a Bypass Cache rule](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/rules-engine/#bypass-cache) for caching at the edge, but applications with active L2 cache settings will continue to keep caching in that layer for the specified minimum TTL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Minimum TTL in Tiered Cache¹ | 3 seconds |
| Maximum TTL in Tiered Cache | 2,592,000 seconds |

> ¹ The **Tiered Cache** module currently doesn't support bypass cache. You can [configure a Bypass Cache rule](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/rules-engine/#bypass-cache) for caching at the edge, but applications with active Tiered Cache settings will continue to keep caching in that layer for the specified minimum TTL.
```
